DDS: Bitwarden: Updated Readme to add support for Cloud Region field (#21782)
DataDog/integrations-core: bitwarden/README.md

    | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
    | Instance type                         | **Cloud** or **Self-hosted**                                         |
    | Self-hosted instance domain           | The domain of your self-hosted Bitwarden instance (required only for self-hosted Bitwarden setups). The instance must be publicly accessible through HTTPS. Example: vault.example.com, 123.123.123.123:8443.                                                                                              |

>     | Cloud Region                          | Select the region where your Bitwarden cloud account is located. Refer to [this documentation][4] to identify your region.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Cloud Region                          | Select the region where your Bitwarden cloud account is located. See [Bitwarden's documentation][4] to identify your region.   |
```
